Add documentation builds (#13)
JuBiotech/peak-performance: docs/source/pp_plots.rst

``peak_performance.plots``
--------------------------

> The ``plots`` module offer convenience functions for making QC plots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``plots`` module offer convenience functions for visualizing results and enabling quality control.
```
